---
title: Our History
permalink: /about-us/our-history/
description: ""
---
Meridian Secondary School came into being in April 2016. It was formed through the union of two schools in the town of Pasir Ris – Siglap Secondary School and Coral Secondary School. With the merger, the life cycles of both schools thus re-united, because when Coral Secondary started in 1999, it had operated from the premises of Siglap Secondary. It currently has more than 1000 pupils and 130 staff.

The school’s first Principal, Mrs Hilda Thong, served the school from 2016 to December 2021. Under her leadership, the school lived its new motto of “Unite to Reach New Heights”, harnessing the unique blend of aesthetic education and sports excellence for which both schools were renowned.

The school’s strength in Arts and Music continued to flourish as one of only 9 schools offering the Enhanced Art Programme (EAP) for secondary schools. Building on that niche, its Applied Learning Programme (ALP) in Visual Communication combines the core elements of Art, English Language and Character & Citizenship Education(CCE), with new media and design, enabling students to communicate their thoughts and ideas through the effective manipulation of images, symbols, typography and illustrations.

Siglap Secondary was a traditional school football powerhouse, and this tradition continued in the new colours of Meridian. Meridian’s football roots enabled it to broaden its appeal to the girls, and it remains amongst only a handful of schools to offer female students the opportunity to develop excellence in the sport. Football’s sustained success is matched by the Floorball’s teams rise to the apex of the school sports scene. Formed in 2006 as a Coral Secondary team, the union only served to strengthen the team’s position as one of the top four floorball-playing schools in the country.

The school commemorated its 5th year in 2021. Despite the restrictions brought about by COVID-19, the school demonstrated its resilience and determination to mark the milestone with a series of safe but meaningful events. These include Growing our Meridian Family, as part of the Million Tree Challenge, the “What does Meridian Mean to You?” Mighty Beaver photo challenge, and the 5 Acts of Kindness Bingo Challenge. The commemoration culminated in the Meridian Virtual Run Challenge, where every Meridian challenged themselves to complete a 5km run.

Meridian continues to forge ahead to provide the positive school experiences necessary for its learners to become persons for others. Even as it continues to sustain its historical strengths, the school will evolve and endeavor to value-add to the community. Emerging areas such as Design Thinking and Positive Education seek to create an active learning environment, develop a growth mindset, and complement the school’s mission to nurture in Meridians, inquiring minds and caring hearts for their pursuit of excellence. True to its name, Meridian Secondary will hold constant to its values of Resilience, Integrity, Compassion and Humility to enable the keys for every Meridian to open many doors in life, for themselves, and for others.