---
title: Secondary 1 Posting & Registration Information
permalink: /student-information/2024-sec-1-registration/secondary-1-registration/
description: ""
third_nav_title: 2024 Secondary 1 Registration
variant: tiptap
---
<p>Dear Parents/Guardian and Secondary 1 Students,</p><p>Welcome to our Meridian Family. The school would like to extend a warm welcome to all Secondary 1 students and parents.</p><p>Registration and all application will be done online, hence you and your child/ware are <strong>not required</strong> to report in person to Meridian Secondary School following the release of S1 Posting Results.</p><p>On this page, you will find relevant information that will be useful for you as you and child to begin your Meridian journey with us.</p><p></p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><strong>e-Registration Form</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Please complete the following registration form as the information gathered would be used for the Secondary 1 Orientation Programme and other administrative purposes.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Link to the online registration form will be made available from <strong>21 December 2023 (Thursday), 8am</strong></p></li></ul></li><li><p>It is compulsory for parents/guardians to complete the online registration. Please complete this form by <strong>26 December 2023 (Tuesday), 12pm</strong>.</p></li></ul><p></p><p></p></li><li><p><strong>Purchase of School Uniform and Textbooks</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Click on the following links for the Sec 1 booklist and instructions for the purchase of textbooks and uniform.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="/files/Booklists/meridian secondary school booklist 2024 - sec 1.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Sec 1 Book List</a></p></li><li><p><a href="https://www.meridiansec.moe.edu.sg/student-information/2024-secondary-1-registration/books-and-uniform" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Instructions for purchase of books and uniform</a></p></li></ul></li></ul><p></p><p></p></li><li><p><strong>Full Subject-Based Banding (Full SBB)</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Full SBB is part of MOE’s ongoing efforts to nurture the joy of learning and develop multiple pathways to cater to the different strengths and interests of our students.</p></li><li><p>Click <a href="https://www.meridiansec.moe.edu.sg/student-information/full-sbb/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> for more information on Full SBB and the offering of subject at more demanding level.</p></li><li><p>Parents whose child is eligible to take subjects at a more demanding level will receive the SBB acceptance form(s) via <strong>Parents Gateway (PG) on 21 December 2023 (Thursday)</strong>. Please note that you may receive up to 4 forms depending on the number of subjects your child is eligible for. You will need to submit the acceptance form(s) in PG by <strong>26 December 2023 (Tuesday), 12pm</strong>.</p></li><li><p>If you have not onboard to PG, please proceed to the following link to download the application.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="https://pg.moe.edu.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Parents Gateway</a></p></li><li><p><a href="https://pg.moe.edu.sg/faq" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Parents Gateway FAQs</a></p></li></ul><p></p></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p><strong>Outcome of Application to offer Higher Mother Tongue and 3rd Language</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>The school will get in touch with you via PG or email with regards to the outcome of your application from <strong>21 December 2023 (Thursday)</strong> onwards.</p></li><li><p>Instruction to confirm the acceptance of offer will be given via the PG message.</p><p></p></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p><strong>Appeal for Transfer Out to another school (for Serious Medical Conditions or Severe Physical Impairments Cases only)</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>This application for school transfer <strong>only applies to students with serious medical conditions</strong>, such as chronic heart conditions or kidney problems <strong>or severe physical impairments</strong>, such as those requiring permanent use of a wheelchair.</p></li><li><p>Parents will need to submit their appeal in person through the posted secondary school (Meridian Secondary School) before <strong>21 December 2023 (Thursday), 12pm</strong>.</p></li><li><p>All appeals must be accompanied by relevant supporting documents, such as medical reports, letters from doctors.</p></li><li><p>Application without supporting documents, incomplete form or late submission will not be processed.</p></li><li><p>Successful applicants <strong>will not be allowed to reject</strong> the reposted school and request to be admitted back to the original posted secondary school.</p></li><li><p>Results of your application will be made known during first week of January 2024. Students will need to continue to attend their posted secondary school until their transfer is approved.</p><p></p></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p><strong>Appeal for Transfer to Meridian Secondary School (for non-medical cases)</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Student transfers are subjected to the availability of vacancies of the school.</p></li><li><p>Your child’s PSLE score must meet the school’s cut-off point of the posting year before they can be considered for transfer.</p></li><li><p>Students successfully allocated to their DSA school will not be allowed to transfer to another school. They are expected to honour their commitment to the allocated DSA school for the entire duration of the programme.</p></li><li><p>Please submit your application via the following online application form before <strong>26 December 2023 (Tuesday), 12pm</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Application form will be made available on <strong>20 December 2023 (Thursday), 9am</strong></p></li></ul></li><li><p>Your appeal is deemed to be unsuccessful if you do not hear from the school by 12 January 2024. Reason(s) for the outcomes of your appeal will not be disclosed.</p></li><li><p>Students should still report to the posted secondary school on 2 January 2024.</p><p></p></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p><strong>Application for MOE Financial Assistance Scheme (FAS) for 2024</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>If you wish to apply for Financial Assistance Scheme, please submit your application via the <a href="https://go.gov.sg/moe-efas" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">e-FAS form</a>.</p></li><li><p>You may approach our staff in our General Office or at 65831387 for further assistance before you purchase the textbooks or uniforms.</p><p></p></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p><strong>Secondary 1 Parent Engagement Session</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>The session will be held on <strong>4 January 2024 (Thursday)</strong> <strong>at 6pm</strong> via Zoom Webinar. More details will be made available at a later date via PG</p><p></p></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p><strong>First day of School and Secondary 1 Orientation</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>If you wish to apply for Financial Assistance Scheme, please submit your application via the <a href="https://go.gov.sg/moe-efas" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">e-FAS form</a>.</p></li><li><p>You may approach our staff in our General Office or at 65831387 for further assistance before you purchase the textbooks or uniforms.</p><p></p></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p><strong>National Digital Literacy Programme</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>If you wish to apply for Financial Assistance Scheme, please submit your application via the <a href="https://go.gov.sg/moe-efas" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">e-FAS form</a>.</p></li><li><p>You may approach our staff in our General Office or at 65831387 for further assistance before you purchase the textbooks or uniforms.</p><p></p></li></ul><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p></li></ol><p></p>