---
title: Secondary 1 Registration Information
permalink: /student-information/2024-sec-1-registration/secondary-1-registration/
description: ""
third_nav_title: 2024 Secondary 1 Registration
variant: tiptap
---
<p>Dear Parents/Guardian and Secondary 1 Students,</p><p>Welcome to our Meridian Family. The school would like to extend a warm welcome to all Secondary 1 students and parents.</p><p>Registration and all application will be done online, hence you and your child/ward are <strong>not required</strong> to report in person to Meridian Secondary School following the release of S1 Posting Results.</p><p>On this page, you will find relevant information that will be useful for you as you and child to begin your Meridian journey with us.</p><p></p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><strong>e-Registration Form and Form Class</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Please complete the following <a href="https://go.gov.sg/meridian2024s1registration" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">registration form</a> as the information gathered would be used for the Secondary 1 Orientation Programme and other administrative purposes.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="https://go.gov.sg/meridian2024s1registration" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Secondary 1 Registration Form</a></p></li></ul></li><li><p>It is compulsory for parents/guardians to complete the online registration. Please complete this form <strong>by</strong> <strong>26 December 2023 (Tuesday), 12pm</strong>.</p></li><li><p>You will be informed of your child’s form class from <strong>29 December 2023</strong> via Parents Gateway (PG).</p></li></ul><p></p><p></p></li><li><p><strong>Purchase of School Uniform and Textbooks</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Click on the following links for the Sec 1 booklist and instructions for the purchase of textbooks and uniform.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="/files/Booklists/meridian secondary school booklist 2024 - sec 1.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Sec 1 Book List</a></p></li><li><p><a href="https://www.meridiansec.moe.edu.sg/student-information/2024-secondary-1-registration/books-and-uniform" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Instructions for purchase of books and uniform</a></p></li></ul></li></ul><p></p><p></p></li><li><p><strong>Full Subject-Based Banding (Full SBB)</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Full SBB is part of MOE’s ongoing efforts to nurture the joy of learning and develop multiple pathways to cater to the different strengths and interests of our students.</p></li><li><p>Click <a href="https://www.meridiansec.moe.edu.sg/student-information/full-sbb/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> for more information on Full SBB and the offering of subject at more demanding level.</p></li><li><p>Parents whose child is eligible to take subjects at a more demanding level will receive the SBB acceptance form(s) via <strong>Parents Gateway (PG) on 21 December 2023 (Thursday)</strong>. Please note that you may receive up to 4 forms depending on the number of subjects your child is eligible for. You will need to submit the acceptance form(s) in PG<strong> by 26 December 2023 (Tuesday), 12pm</strong>.</p></li><li><p>If you have not onboard to PG, please proceed to the following link to download the application.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="https://pg.moe.edu.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Parents Gateway</a></p></li><li><p><a href="https://pg.moe.edu.sg/faq" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Parents Gateway FAQs</a></p></li></ul><p></p></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p><strong>Outcome of Application to offer Higher Mother Tongue and 3rd Language</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>The school will get in touch with you via PG or email with regards to the outcome of your application <strong>from 21 December 2023 (Thursday)</strong>.</p></li><li><p>Instruction to confirm the acceptance of offer will be given via the PG message.</p><p></p></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p><strong>Appeal for Transfer Out to another school (for Serious Medical Conditions or Severe Physical Impairments Cases only)</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>This application for school transfer <strong>only applies to students with serious medical conditions</strong>, such as chronic heart conditions or kidney problems <strong>or severe physical impairments</strong>, such as those requiring permanent use of a wheelchair.</p></li><li><p>Parents will need to submit their appeal <strong>in person</strong> through the posted secondary school (Meridian Secondary School) <strong>before 21 December 2023 (Thursday), 12pm</strong>.</p></li><li><p>All appeals must be accompanied by relevant supporting documents, such as medical reports, letters from doctors.</p></li><li><p>Application without supporting documents, incomplete form or late submission will not be processed.</p></li><li><p>Successful applicants <strong>will not be allowed to reject</strong> the reposted school and request to be admitted back to the original posted secondary school.</p></li><li><p>Results of your application will be made known during first week of January 2024. Students will need to continue to attend their posted secondary school until their transfer is approved.</p><p></p></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p><strong>Appeal for Transfer to Meridian Secondary School (for non-medical cases)</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Student transfers are subjected to the availability of vacancies of the school.</p></li><li><p>Your child’s PSLE score must meet the school’s cut-off point of the posting year before they can be considered for transfer.</p></li><li><p>Students successfully allocated to their DSA school will not be allowed to transfer to another school. They are expected to honour their commitment to the allocated DSA school for the entire duration of the programme.</p></li><li><p>Please submit your application via the following <a href="https://go.gov.sg/meridian2024s1appeal" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">online application form</a> <strong>before 26 December 2023 (Tuesday), 12pm</strong></p><p>If the form below is not loaded, you can also fill it in at <a href="https://form.gov.sg/65768a54acf6ae0012e80e0a" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a>.</p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe style="width: 100%; height: 500px" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://form.gov.sg/65768a54acf6ae0012e80e0a"></iframe></div><p>Powered by <a href="https://form.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Form</a></p></li><li><p>Your appeal is deemed to be unsuccessful if you do not hear from the school by 12 January 2024. Reason(s) for the outcomes of your appeal will not be disclosed.</p></li><li><p>Students should still report to the posted secondary school on 2 January 2024.</p><p></p></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p><strong>Application for MOE Financial Assistance Scheme (FAS) for 2024</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>If you wish to apply for Financial Assistance Scheme, please submit your application via the <a href="https://go.gov.sg/moe-efas" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">e-FAS form</a>.</p></li><li><p>You may approach our staff in our General Office or at 65831387 for further assistance before you purchase the textbooks or uniforms.</p><p></p></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p><strong>Secondary 1 Parent Engagement Session</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>The session will be held on <strong>4 January 2024 (Thursday)</strong>,<strong> 6pm</strong> via Zoom. More information on the session will be shared at a later date via PG.</p></li><li><p>During the session, the following will be shared by the Principal and Key Personnel:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Meridian Experience with a focus on CCA</p></li><li><p>National Digital Literacy Programme (NDLP) and information to purchase the personal learning device (PLD)</p></li><li><p>Interaction with your child's form teachers</p><p></p></li></ul></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p><strong>First day of School and Secondary 1 Orientation</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Students are to report to School <strong>by 7:30am</strong> on <strong>2 January 2024 (Tuesday)</strong>.</p></li><li><p>Students are to be dressed in Meridian Secondary School Polo T-shirt with Uniform culottes/pants, white socks and black shoes. For students who are not able to purchase the MSS school uniform by the first day of school, he/ she can report to school in his/ her primary school uniform.</p></li><li><p>The Secondary 1 Orientation will be held from <strong>2 to 5 January 2024</strong>. For more details, please refer the following link:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="https://www.meridiansec.moe.edu.sg/student-information/2024-secondary-1-registration/orientation/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Secondary 1 Orientation Programme</a></p><p></p></li></ul><p></p></li></ul><p></p></li><li><p><strong>National Digital Literacy Programme</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>The NDLP was launched in March 2020 to make digital learning inclusive by equipping students with the digital skills to be future-ready.</p></li><li><p>Under the NDLP, every secondary school student will own a school-prescribed personal learning device (PLD).</p></li><li><p>Students may use funds from their Edusave Account to pay for the PLD.</p></li><li><p>The school prescribed PLD is Acer Chromebook Spin R756TN Convertible.</p></li><li><p>More details on procurement and costing will be provided during the Secondary 1 Parent Engagement Session and PG on 4 January 2024.</p><p></p></li></ul><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p></li></ol><p></p>