---
title: Full Subject–Based Banding (Full SBB)
permalink: /student-information/full-sbb/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>Full Subject-Based Banding (Full SBB)</strong> is part of MOE's ongoing efforts to nurture the joy of learning and develop multiple pathways to cater to the different strengths and interests of our students. <br><br>With Full SBB, we are moving towards a secondary school education where students learn each subject at the level that best caters to their overall strengths, interests and learning needs.</p><p><em>What this means is that:</em></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>There will no longer be separate Express, N(A), and N(T) courses, and our Secondary One students will be placed in&nbsp;<strong>mixed form classes</strong>&nbsp;where they can interact with peers of different strengths and interests.</p></li><li><p>All students will learn a set of common curriculum subjects together in their lower secondary form classes. The common curriculum subjects includes Character and Citizenship Education, Art, Design &amp; Technology, Food &amp; Consumer Education, Music and Physical Education.</p></li><li><p>Under Full SBB, Subject-Based Banding (SBB) will be expanded beyond the four PSLE subjects, to allow eligible students to offer Humanities subjects at a more demanding level from Secondary 2.</p></li></ul><p>For more information on Full SBB, please click <a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/microsites/psle-fsbb/full-subject-based-banding/main.html" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here </a>to access the MOE Full SBB microsite.</p><h3><strong>Offering subjects at a more demanding level</strong></h3><h4><strong><em>At the start of Secondary One</em></strong></h4><p>Eligible students can offer <strong>English Language, Mother Tongue Languages, Mathematics and Science</strong> at a more demanding level based on their PSLE Achievement Level (AL) for each of these subjects.</p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="4"><p>Eligibility criteria to offer English Language, Mother Tongue Languages, Mathematics and/or Science at a more demanding level</p></th></tr><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Indicative Level of Most Subjects at Start of S1</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>PSLE Standard grade</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>PSLE Foundation grade</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Option to offer subject at</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>G2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>AL 5 or better</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>-</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>G3</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2" colspan="1"><p>G1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>AL 5 or better</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>-</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>G2 / G3</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>AL 6</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>AL A</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>G2</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4><strong><em>Beyond the start of Secondary One</em></strong></h4><p>From Secondary 2 (S2), students will also be able to offer <strong>Humanities subjects</strong> (Geography, History, and Literature in English) at a more demanding level. The criteria for taking Humanities at a more demanding level will be based on students' aptitude for and interest in these subjects at S1.</p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="4"><p>Eligibility criteria</p></th></tr><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Humanities subject level at S1</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Humanities subjects</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>School-based assessment</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Option to offer Humanities at a more demanding level from S2:</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>G2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Geography</p></li><li><p>History</p></li><li><p>Literature in English</p></li></ul></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Aptitude and interest for specific subject</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>G3 Geography, History and/or Literature in English (i.e., can offer one or more Humanities subjects at a more demanding level)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>G1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Humanities</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Social Studies component</p></li><li><p>Humanities Exposure Modules (HEMs) in Geography, History and Literature in English</p></li></ul></li></ul></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Aptitude in English Language and G1 Humanities</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>G2 Geography, History and/or Literature in English (i.e., can offer one or more Humanities subjects at a more demanding level)</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p><h3><strong>Offering subjects at a less demanding level</strong></h3><h4><strong><em>At the start of Secondary One</em></strong></h4><p>For students who offered English, Mathematics and/or Science at Foundation level at PSLE, but are otherwise eligible to take most of their subjects at G3 when entering secondary school, they may choose to take these subjects at a less demanding level (i.e., G2), in consultation with their secondary schools.</p><p>Students who face exceptional difficulties coping with their Mother Tongue Languages (MTL) will have the option to offer G1 or G2 MTL. At the start of Secondary One, students can offer MTL at a less demanding level based on the following criteria:</p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Indicative Level of Most Subjects at Start of S1</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>PSLE Grade (Standard MTL)</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>PSLE Grade (Foundation Mother Tongue Language)</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Option to offer MTL at</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="2" colspan="1"><p>G3</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>AL 6</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>AL A</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>G2</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>AL 7-8</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>AL B-C</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>G1 or G2</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>G2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>AL 7-8</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>AL B-C</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>G1</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><br></p><h4><strong><em>Beyond the start of Secondary One</em></strong></h4><p>Students may offer subjects at a less demanding level, based on their performance and schools’ holistic assessment, to calibrate their academic load.</p><p>Schools will also have the discretion to allow students with difficulties coping with MTL to offer MTL at a less demanding level, based on holistic considerations.</p><p>Students who offer subjects at a less demanding level may subsequently offer the subjects at a more demanding level as they gain greater competence and confidence in the subjects.</p><p>The increased flexibility empowers students to take greater ownership of their learning according to their subject-specific strengths and interests.</p>