---
title: National Digital Literacy Programme (NDLP)
permalink: /student-information/ndlp/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h4>What is NDLP?</h4><p>The NDLP was launched in March 2020 to&nbsp;<strong>make digital learning inclusive</strong>&nbsp;by&nbsp;<strong>equipping students with the digital skills</strong>&nbsp;to be future-ready. Under the NDLP, every secondary school student will&nbsp;<strong>own a school-prescribed personal learning device (PLD)</strong>. Students may use funds from their Edusave Account to pay for the PLD.</p><h4>What Does This Mean for My Child?</h4><p>Students are required to use a Chromebook for their learning throughout the 4 to 5 years of education in Meridian Secondary School. They are expected to bring their Chromebooks home so that they can continue to learn independently and complete their assignments at home.</p><p>Students will carry out learning via various platform, such as MOE Student Learning Space (SLS), Google Suite for Education and many more&nbsp; They may also create notes digitally using the Chromebook and organize their learning and resources productively.</p><h4>Why a Chromebook?</h4><p>A Chromebook is a computing device running Chrome OS as its operating system. The Chromebook is designed for use primarily while connected to the internet, with most of its applications and data residing online.</p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="315" width="560" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/mSbZQNJwPuI"></iframe></div><p>The Chromebook is chosen for the following reasons:</p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Price: cost significantly lesser than the average laptop</p></li><li><p>Security: Strong management and control access and content through Chromebook Management Console</p></li><li><p>Weight: Chromebooks are lightweight, that are portable and easy to carry around</p></li><li><p>Battery: long battery life</p></li><li><p>Speed: Chromebooks can power up and be ready to use within seconds</p></li></ol><h3>Resources for Parents</h3><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="/files/Handbooks and Letters/IP2___Parent_Handbook__I__2024_FINAL.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Parent Handbook 1 - 2024</a></p></li><li><p><a href="/files/Handbooks and Letters/IP3___Parent_Handbook__II__2024_FINAL.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Parent Handbook 2 - 2024</a></p></li></ul><p></p>